---
title: "Services"
bg: blue
color: white
style: center
---

# How do we work?

<details>
  <summary>Project Mentorship</summary>
  <div markdown="1">
  The first thing most students need is real world experience. This can be difficult to get because internships are competetive and school projects lack the quality of industry. We will lead you as you develop real projects that in are important to you and have a high impact in the world and your resume.

  $500 per month includes,

  * Review your personal goals and design a project to build your desired skills
  * Weekly meetings to review progress and discover new possibilities for work
  * Code reviews and design recommendations

  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Architecture Design</summary>

  <div markdown="1">
  Industry highly depends on leveraging highly complex and powerful infrastructure to serve content and data to customers. Designing scalable infrastructure is a fundemental skill that can make or break a developers impact

  $500 per month includes,

  * Deep dive into Cloud infrastructures such as AWS, GCP, Azure
  * Review deployment strategies using Docker and Kubernetes for auto-scaled solutions
  * Exposure to deploying major infrastructure such as Apache Spark and Auth platforms

  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Resume and Portfolio Development</summary>
  <div markdown="1">
  With the experience you will develop, we will help you learn to communicate that to business leaders and recruiters. Our goal is not to land you a job, but show you how to communicate the value you will bring to any company. Then the jobs will come to you.

  $100 per review session includes,

  * Optimization of your resume for the roles you are going after
  * Networking strategies review for getting your resume to decision makers
  </div>
</details>
